TITLE: Popular Queries for GSA
VERSION: 1.0
CREATOR: dave olsen, wvu web services

h2. OVERVIEW

'Popular Queries for GSA' offers administrators of stand-alone Google Search Appliance boxes the ability to include in their layout, via a JavaScript include, a list of the previous days top queries. Administrators can also have reports of the top queries emailed to them. To prevent users from including inappropriate queries in the list, 'Popular Queries for GSA' also includes the ability to censor queries.

h2. FEATURES

v1.0 features:

 * Produces a JavaScript include that contains popular queries that can
   easily be embedded into your GSA templates
 * Logs in and out of your GSA automatically
 * Censors naughty words
 * Emails daily reports of top search queries to whomever you want
 * Tracks clicks on popular queries using Google Analytics
 * Deletes generated reports to keep your GSA reporting interface clean

h2. DEMO

Not available yet.

h2. REQUIREMENTS

# Google Search Appliance (tested on 4.6.4)
# PHP 5 or greater
# PECL_HTTP (tested on 1.5.6 & 1.6.3)

h2. SET-UP

h3. Install PECL_HTTP 

To check if you have it installed already type the following at the  command prompt:

<code>php -m</code>

If you have it already you'll see the module 'http' listed. If you don't see it type the following at the command prompt:

<code>pear -d memory_limit=16M install pecl/pecl_http</code>

h3. Download 'Popular Queries for GSA'

You can do this two ways. If you use Git you can type the following
at the command prompt in the directory* you want this installed:

<code>git clone git://github.com/dmolsen/popular-queries-for-gsa.git</code>

Alternatively you can also download it by clicking the green download
link on:

<code>http://github.com/dmolsen/popular-queries-for-gsa/</code>

 * - git will create a directly called popular-queries-for-gsa so no
    need to duplicate it

h3. Edit settings.inc.php

All settings (e.g. GSA username/password) for 'Popular Queries for GSA'
are located in settings.inc.php. You can also enable or disable features
in that file. 

p(. Note #1: In the current release (v1.0) the "bad words" filter is not very 
robust and should be edited.

p(. Note #2: While 'Popular Queries for GSA' doesn't need to be in a web-
accessible folder (and probably shouldn't) the $include_write_path should
be to a web-accessible folder.

h3. Set-up Cron Jobs

To automate generation of your popular queries include file edit your
crontab. If you need to use a different account to run the cron jobs
make sure that account has appropriate permissions to write to the
popular-queries-for-gsa log & cookie store folders.

h3. Customizing Look & Feel of 'Popular Queries for GSA'

Coming Soon

h3. Adding the JavaScript Include to Your GSA Template

Coming Soon
